profile/README.md, before:

[geolysis_pkg_url]: https://github.com/patrickboateng/geolysis

[linkedin_url]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/geolysis-llc/


<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/company/geolysis-llc" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/geolysis-dev/.github/main/profile/assets/tagline.svg" alt="tag-line" />
</a>
</h1>

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)][linkedin_url]
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:support@geolysisllc.com)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/geolysis-dev?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/geolysis-dev)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://geolysisllc.com)

</div>

Geolysis LLC is building a comprehensive Geotechnical Software Toolkit for the
Geotechnical engineering industry. The toolkit consist of four (4) different
projects namely,
[`geolysis python package`][geolysis_pkg_url],
`geolysis for excel` (or `geolysis for microsoft excel`),
`geolysis for desktop` and `geolysis ai`. Below is a brief description of the
various projects:

1. [**geolysis python package**][geolysis_pkg_url] - _public repository_

   An open-source python package (library) which provides some of the core
   functionalities for _**geolysis for excel**_ and the
   _**geolysis for desktop**_ applications. Click [here][geolysis_pkg_url] for
   more information on the capabilities of the python package.

2. **geolysis for excel** - _private repository_

   An add-in for Microsoft Excel that currently provides custom functions
   for computing _soil classification_,
   _estimating bearing capacity (ultimate and allowable)_, and
   _analyzing spt data_. There are more features underway (for e.g.,
   data entry for laboratory and field tests).

   Below is a screenshot of the Microsoft Excel Interface and a sample video
   demonstrating a use case:

   ![geolysis interface](./assets/Geolysis-Excel-Screenshot-4.png)

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7e272c49-44e9-4aaf-823d-40eca18129ae
   
> [!NOTE]
> _geolysis for excel_ will be released on the Microsoft
> 365 Office store soon, which will enable you to install the application right
> within Microsoft Excel.

3. **geolysis for desktop** - _private repository_

   A graphical user interface (GUI) for modeling soils and running soil
   simulations. _More information on this coming soon_

> [!NOTE]
> _geolysis for desktop_ is currently in the design phase.

4. **geolysis ai** - _private repository_

   Offers machine learning models that are trained using geotechnical data.

> [!NOTE]
> A research paper will be released soon.

Commit message:

updated with excel addin installer link

profile/README.md, after:

[geolysis_pkg_url]: https://github.com/patrickboateng/geolysis

[linkedin_url]: https://www.linkedin.com/company/geolysis-llc/


<h1 align="center">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/company/geolysis-llc" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/geolysis-dev/.github/main/profile/assets/tagline.svg" alt="tag-line" />
</a>
</h1>

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)][linkedin_url]
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:support@geolysisllc.com)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/geolysis-dev?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/geolysis-dev)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://geolysisllc.com)

</div>

Geolysis LLC is building a comprehensive Geotechnical Software Toolkit for the
Geotechnical engineering industry. The toolkit consist of four (4) different
projects namely,
[`geolysis python package`][geolysis_pkg_url],
`geolysis for excel` (or `geolysis for microsoft excel`),
`geolysis for desktop` and `geolysis ai`. Below is a brief description of the
various projects:

1. [**geolysis python package**][geolysis_pkg_url] - _public repository_

   An open-source python package (library) which provides some of the core
   functionalities for _**geolysis for excel**_ and the
   _**geolysis for desktop**_ applications. Click [here][geolysis_pkg_url] for
   more information on the capabilities of the python package.

2. **geolysis for excel** - _private repository_

   An add-in for Microsoft Excel that currently provides custom functions
   for computing _soil classification_,
   _estimating bearing capacity (ultimate and allowable)_, and
   _analyzing spt data_. There are more features underway (for e.g.,
   data entry for laboratory and field tests).

   > [!IMPORTANT]
   > The `geolysis.excel` (an Excel Add-in), is available to install from the
   > Microsoft AppSource Store using this installer
   > link: [https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/Office365/WA200009428](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/Office365/WA200009428)

   Below is a screenshot of the Microsoft Excel Interface and a sample video
   demonstrating a use case:

   ![geolysis interface](./assets/Geolysis-Excel-Screenshot-4.png)

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7e272c49-44e9-4aaf-823d-40eca18129ae
   
3. **geolysis for desktop** - _private repository_

   A graphical user interface (GUI) for modeling soils and running soil
   simulations. _More information on this coming soon_

> [!NOTE]
> _geolysis for desktop_ is currently in the design phase.

4. **geolysis ai** - _private repository_

   Offers machine learning models that are trained using geotechnical data.

> [!NOTE]
> A research paper will be released soon.
